Some say proposed wage increase for LA tourism workers will have negative effect on hotel industry. With L.A. tourism rebounding and events like the World Cup and Olympics coming to the city, there is a new proposal to pay local tourism workers more.
Chantelle Cameron wouldn't have turned pro had it not been for 'trailblazer' Katie Taylor. “I actually never planned to turn professional,” said Cameron, “After the 2016 Olympics, I didn’t know what I was going to do."
Dope offender Dipa Karmakar’s return to training camp as per WADA rules, says gymnastics federation. Regulations allow Dipa Karmakar, who finished fourth at the Olympics, to join two months before suspension ends.
Coins commemorating Shakespeare and the Olympics stolen in Bromsgrove burglary. The 50p, £1 and £2 coins were snatched from a property in Charford Road
“Will Be a Huge Blow”: As Boxing Sports Under Threat of Ban, Undisputed Lightweight Champion Expresses Concerns. Irish professional boxer and undisputed lightweight champion of the 2012 Olympics raises concerns regarding boxing ban from the games
$268 Million Olympic Inclusion Pitch Can Put Americans Under Pressure to Level Up Their Game in This British Sport. In order to make its strong case for the inclusion of cricket in the Olympics, for the 2028 LA edition, ICC has prepared a financial estimate
French court’s approval of Olympics AI surveillance plan fuels privacy concerns. Rights groups including Amnesty and Human Rights Watch call proposals ‘a dangerous precedent’ in open letter
Rich Hill races Miguel Cabrera in MLB’s senior Olympics. RUN, YOU BEAUTIFUL OLD MEN, RUN!
A lot of girls are sexually harassed but don’t have the courage to speak up immediately: Sakshi Malik. Rio Olympics bronze medal-winner Sakshi Malik tells The Indian Express that Wrestling Federation of India president Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh is very powerful and so there's pressure on the police.
Paris Olympics vows to carry the torch for LGBTQ rights after watershed of Tokyo. Read more about Paris Olympics vows to carry the torch for LGBTQ rights after watershed of Tokyo on Devdiscourse
